# Data-Analytics-Projects
- Hello, I am Kunal Ghaware, comleted my Bachelors in Information Technology and my post-degree certification course in Data Analytics for Business.
- In this repository I have created few projects that are related to my feild of study(Data Analytics).
- Few of the projects that I have created are as follows:-
1. Data Visualization for Netflix dataset using SQL and Tableau - In this project, I have used SQL for cleaning and for statistical analysis of the dataset and passed the cleaned dataset to Tableau for visualization.
2. Covid Tweet Prediction using NLP - Here I have trained a model for classifying the covid tweet into positive, neutral and negative using the NLP techniques.
3. Data Visualization for Disney Hotstar dataset in Python - In this Project, I have used various python librabries like Pandas for Dataframe, Seaborn and Matplotlib for creating visuals, Numpy for Null values and cleaning the dataset. I have created various plots for data exploration and data explaination and gather many insights from the same.
4. Feature Extraction alongside Data visualization - As we know that training the model with relevent features can increase the accuracy and precision of the model. So in this project I have performed different methods of feature extraction alone with data visualization so that we can see the difference between the model which was trained using the important features only vs the model which was trained using all the available features.
5. Data Visualization using PowerBI - In this project,I have used a financial dataset which contains all the production and sales details of various products over the years by a company. I have used PowerBI tool for make a dashboard and gathering information and insights from the dataset.
6. Emotion Detection using Audio and Video from a Video Input for the Thereapist - In this Project, I am created two models, one for video emotion classification and another for speech emotion classification, and I am using data augmentation and fine tunning to increase the accuracy and precision of the model so that it can be trained well. Now I am trying to integrate this two model in an single API so that I can delploy the API on the clients(CogniXR) server, so that they can use the API in their website for detecting the emotions of their clients. This is a ongoing project, which I am working as a Intern in CogniXR. 
